Header Files
------------
There are two header files - complex.hpp and mandelbrot_util.hpp. The first file
contains important declarations required for performing binary as well as unary
operations on complex numbers. The second file mandelbrot_util contains a static
function mandelbrot_set which sets the color of the pixels based on center position,
precision, zoom value, width, height and the color scheme we are using. It stores
this pixel information in a data structure called vertexarray which stores info
related to the pixels in form of a 1-D array. The header files are located in the
include directory

Source Files
------------
There are three source files placed in the src directory - complex.cpp,
mandelbrot_util.cpp and mandelbrot.cpp. The first file contains class definitions
for the operations on complex numbers as required by mandelbrot_util.cpp. The second
file uses functions from complex.cpp to decide the color of each pixel and store
it in a vertexvector. Finally the file mandelbrot.cpp contains the main function
which starts the SFML window and waits in a loop for the user to press any of the
controls, whenever a button is pressed it calls the mandelbrot_set function from
the file mandelbrot_util.cpp with appropriate parameters and the vertexvector is
then plotted on the window. The controls for various operations are mentioned in
Readme.md.

Data Structures
---------------
The code primarily makes use of 2-D as well as 1-D arrays. Several non conventional
data structures which are part of the SFML Library have been used as well and a
brief overview of those data structures is as follows :
Vertex - A single pixel information in SFML is stored in a data structure called
         Vertex. This stores the position, color and texture coordinates of the
         pixel.
VertexArray - This is a container which stores three important parameters related
              to any pixel - color, position and texture coordinates.
Color - This is a paramter to Vertex this can be set directly using the syntax
        vertex.color = sf::Color::Red or it can be set using the second parameter
        of the constructor of the vertex.
Position - This is also a parameter to a Vertex. Similar to Color this can also
           be set in 2 ways. The explicit way of setting it is :
           vertex.position = sf::Vector2f(x, y)
Apart from these readymade data structures I have designed the class complex_num
which serves as a pair data structure for all practical purposes. This data structure
has been used in the function mandelbrot_set to determine the number of iterations
it takes for complex number at any pixel to diverge.

Additional Files
----------------
Apart from the header and source files I have added a bash file - install.sh for
making it easier to install SFML and setting up the system to run the project.
It also contains Readme.md containing the basic information about the project
and information about the available controls for navigating in the Mandelbrot plot.
Finally it also contains a CMakeLists.txt file that can be used to generate the
Makefile(already present in the build folder) and then run make to compile. This
makes the file much easier to compile as the linked libraries and header files
are all taken care of by cmake for compilation and we don't have to run a large
command for compiling everytime we make a minor change to the project.
